DOMRect instance properties (#36704)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/domrect/x/index.md

---
title: "DOMRect: x property"
short-title: x
slug: Web/API/DOMRect/x
page-type: web-api-instance-property
browser-compat: api.DOMRect.x
---

{{APIRef("Geometry Interfaces")}}{{AvailableInWorkers}}

> The **`x`** property of the **`DOMRect`** interface represents the x coordinate of the `DOMRect`'s origin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`x`** property of the {{domxref("DOMRect")}} interface represents the x-coordinate of the rectangle, which is the horizontal distance between the viewport’s left edge and the rectangle’s origin.

When the rectangle's width is non-negative, the rectangle’s horizontal origin is the viewport's left edge. If the width is negative, the rectangle's horizontal origin is the viewport's right edge.
```
